docs(concepts): add app development page (#3159)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/2.concepts/2.app-development.md

# App development

> Nuxt uses Vue as a user-interface library, and adds features such as components auto-imports and file-based routing. Nuxt 3 integrates Vue 3, the new major release of Vue that enables new patterns for Nuxt users.

Reviewer: Please read this article. Vue is now considered a full framework (https://blog.vuejs.org/posts/vue-3-as-the-new-default.html)

## Vue.js

> While an in-depth knowledge of Vue is not required to use Nuxt, we recommend that you read the documentation and go through some of the examples on [vuejs.org](https://vuejs.org/)
>

> Nuxt has always used Vue as a user-interface framework. We chose to build Nuxt in top of Vue for these reasons:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Nuxt has always used Vue as a frontend framework. We chose to build Nuxt in top of Vue for these reasons:
```

This way, a minimal Vue 3 application can be reduced to 12 kb gzipped.

### Composition API

The only way to provide data and logic to components in Vue 2 was through the Options API, allowing to return data and methods to a template with pre-defined properties like `data` and `methods`:

```vue
<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      count: 0
    }
  },
  methods: {
    increment(){
      this.count++
    }
  }
}
</script>
```

The [Composition API](https://vuejs.org/guide/extras/composition-api-faq.html) introduced in Vue 3 is not a replacement to the Options API, but enables better logic reuse throughout an application, and a more natural way to group code by concerns in complex components.

Used with the `setup` keyword in the `<script>` definition, here is the above component rewritten with Composition API and Nuxt 3’s auto-imported Reactivity APIs:

```vue
<script setup>
  const count = ref(0);
  const increment = () => count.value++;
</script>
```

> Nuxt 3’s goal is to provide a great developer experience around the composition API.

Reviewer 3: I don’t think there’s a need for (‘s) here again.
